hey everyone welcome to episode 25 of
unboxing wednesdays for books arriving
in stores on april twentieth 2011 Rob
wearing your fancy Paul Molitor
cooperstown Milwaukee jersey opens the
boxes alright new this week are these
green lantern DC Universe Classics toys
first up we've got knocked a loi star
sapphire Carol Ferris red lanterns calyx
Green Lantern Sodom yacht we've got a
sneak peak movie figure this is goo but
this is my favorite out of the set we've
got yellow lantern des pinellas we've
got green lantern the dig I don't know
if that's how you pronounce it but
there's no vowels there so and then
we've got a fan favorite deck star the
Red Lantern kitten each one of these
figures comes with a piece of the build
a figure for this set if you purchase
all of these figures you'll have all the
pieces and you can build green lantern
steel with it here is uncanny x-force
issue 6 generation hope issue 6 Hulk
issue 32 X Factor issue 2 18 here's
Thunderbolts issue 156 Avengers issue 12
iron man has the Infinity Gauntlet
Wolverine and Jubilee issue 4 of 4 and
here's a fear itself one shot that's out
today that looks into the past of sin
who is the new red skull here's
invincible Iron Man which ties in to the
fear itself storyline here's the variant
for invincible Iron Man this week's
showing Thor as Jack Nicholson's
character in The Shining here's
Wolverine issue 8 and here is the Thor
movie tie-in cover for that issue and
this is Thor being Rocky hopefully it's
rocky for the best of the rocky movies
Avengers Academy issue 12 and silver
surfer three of five here sigil number 2
featuring the art of free comic book day
2011 attendee Leonard Kirk here's an
example of some of his work and
sis you please come by on May seventh
and say hi to Leonard and get them to
sign your copy of schedule Mass Effect
issue 4 here's a red Sonia one shot from
Antarctic press here is victorian secret
girls of steampunk this is a pin-up book
and if you like your girls steamy and
punky this is kind of book for you is an
example of what I'm talking about here's
some more examples actually some really
good art in this book Dungeons and
Dragons issue 6 has two covers this week
Robert Kirkman's invincible issue 79
this is one book I'm really looking
forward to this week it's super dinosaur
issue 1 by Robert Kirkman and jason
howard there's a lot of good hype around
it jason Howard's art inside is really
good and we can always count on Robert
Kirkman for a good story so this is uh
this is something you should be picking
up at your stores this week this month
in satana the satana is eating a muffin
on a bridge while reading a newspaper on
her iPad and a bird comes along and
takes the muffin that's essentially what
goes on inside the 22 pages of this book
this is the climax of it right here on
the cover so Tana also shows up in this
issue of Power Girl issue 23 and I think
she's firing upon the seagull that stole
her muffin here here's Batman issue 7 oh
nyne Supergirl issue 63 Teen Titans
issue 94 gotham city sirens issue 22
here Superman Batman issue 83 if you
want some backstory on Captain America
and his bottles with the red skull you
can pick up this new trade from Marvel
today which is Captain America versus
the red skull classic GI Joe volume 11
we've got issues 10 12 1 10 from the old
Marvel series covered here and collected
for the first time new hardcover from DC
today Legion of super-heroes the choice
to dungeons and dragons issue number six
variants made to look like the Fantastic
Four Legion of super-heroes issue number
12 young justice
issue 3 DC Universe Online legends issue
6 Justice League of America issue 56
this is the regular cover and here we
have the variant Green Lantern issue 65
brings us part 4 of the War of the Green
Lantern's this event has been pretty
well received by comic fans over the
last few weeks hopefully DC continues
its momentum here is the variant cover
for that here's green lantern corps
issue 59 which is part 5 of the war the
Green Lantern's story and here is the
Green Lantern Corps variant if you put
these both together it makes a really
green connecting picture that shows some
of the battle that's happening alright
everyone it's time to announce the
winner of last week's contest where we
asked you all to comment on the video
that we put up last week 4 episode 24 we
would choose the best comment to win a
copy of Batman and Robin issue 22 the
variant cover for that comic so many
good comments oh man you guys are so
awesome with your comments and I wish I
could just sit here and read them all to
you guys out there but just go to go to
episode 24 and check them all out but we
could only choose one winner and we
decided to go with dub man 116 and his
comment was with regards to my comment
that Marvel should have a big trouble in
little china variant he and I would both
like to see Thor dressed up like Jack
Burton mullet tank top and all on the
cover one of marvel's upcoming releases
this week we've decided to give away
super dinosaur issue one which is our
pick for book of the week what should we
do oh my god of ideas pick a number pick
a number good idea we want you to pick a
number between 1 and 100 and write your
answer in the comments the person who
chooses the correct number or the
closest to the number that we've chosen
in our minds will win one copy of super
dinosaur issue 1 if more than one person
picks the same number then what the hell
will send you out a comic to what they
all team up and take like the same
number
and then everybody wins then we're then
we're screwed don't do that don't team
up maximum of two winners maximum of
three winners sneaky bastards comment on
today's video let us know what number
you picked and will choose the winner on
episode 26 of unboxing Wednesday's and
please remember you do have to be
subscriber in order to win thanks for
watching everyone you can connect with
us online on any of these websites that
are listed on this fancy graphic that I
made in a cheap paint program on the
computer and we'll see you next week for
episode 26 take care and enjoy your
comics this week